We are going to work the gluteal area and
thighs with the help of a cushion we
let's knock it up
and we are going to place the cushion between
legs keep our feet aligned
with the hips the knees too and
from this position I relax my shoulders to what
long head
by releasing the air we're just going to squeeze
the cushion trying at the same time I do
strength with the inner area of ​​the thighs
against the pelvic floor and carry the
navel in and up
I relax well the shoulders lame air floor
and tight the cushion
at the same time that we tighten the cushion we are going to
going up one vertebra after the other
we hook the bars we go up maintain
the cushion tight and I'll go
going down pouring the vertebra relaxed the
cushion tension
the last time and we're going to stay
upstairs the fried era the cushion
forces in pelvic floor
we raise the pelvis and once we are here
we keep gluteus tight tight let's
Draw circles with the pelvis at the same time
that we squeeze collected
4 and we change the sense navel see
in pelvic floor well
tight and the cushion well crushed one
again and pour the vertebra down
and relaxing
let's hook the lumbar to the floor and
let's raise both knees
at 90 degrees keeping the cushion well
tight when releasing the air let's
stretch your legs up double
I loose the air
and stretched since the lumbar is not that
in agreement I maintain good lumbar
hooked on the floor for it
I need my abdomen to be working
I feel the air and I rise
in the air and now we're going to place the
cushion further down more towards the feet
in this case we bend our knees towards
the chest we do a little more
intense releasing the air carrying the
legs diagonally like air
and the loose and the same try not to
pass this do not get me here to the lumbar
I keep my navel well in and
the lumbar well hooked on the floor
I catch air
We're going to keep a little bit of soil
here in the lumbar vertical equal well
hooked on the ground and we draw
circles squeezing to catch more than
can we make circles to one side
and say asses to the other
We also relax the shoulders that are us
same
we go back and extended the head well
and relax